Add slides on initialization (#195)
hsf-training/cpluspluscourse: talk/morelanguage/initialization.tex

\subsection[Init]{Initialization}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitle{Initialization}
  \begin{block}{Initialization}
    \begin{itemize}

>       \item \href{https://imgur.com/3wlxtI0}{Obligatory meme}

Author: I do get the concern about external links. I tried for an hour or so to embed the video (mp4) into the slide deck but failed, since flash support was removed from Adobe. That's why the link is external.

Apart from that, I really enjoy the joke! :D

But if it bothers you, I have no troubles removing it. The content is confusing at best.

>       \item \href{https://imgur.com/3wlxtI0}{Obligatory meme}

Reviewer: As mentioned, I would drop the whole slide to just say, "it's complicated, here is what you need to know". Not even sure it needs a dedicated slide, we may as well say it when presenting.

>       \item \href{https://imgur.com/3wlxtI0}{Obligatory meme}

Author: There you go #230.

  \begin{block}{Narrowing conversions}
    \begin{cppcode}
      int i(42.3);    // i == 42
      int i{42.3};    // compilation error
      int i = 42.3;   // i == 42
      int i = {42.3}; // compilation error
    \end{cppcode}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item Braced initialization prevents narrowing conversions
    \end{itemize}
  \end{block}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile,shrink=10]
  \frametitle{Initialization}
  \begin{block}{Initializing class types with constructors}
    \begin{cppcode}
      struct C {
        C(int i);
        C(int i, int j);
      };

      C c(42);    // calls C(42)
      C c{42};    // same
      C c = 42;   // calls C(42) in C++17, before C(C(42))
      C c = {42}; // same

      C c(1, 2);    // calls C(1, 2)
      C c{1, 2};    // calls C(1, 2)
      C c = (1, 2); // calls C(2), comma operator
      C c = {1, 2}; // calls C(1, 2) in C++17, before C(C(1, 2))

      C c(1.1, 2.2); // calls C(1, 2)
      C c{1.1, 2.2}; // compilation error
    \end{cppcode}
  \end{block}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile,shrink=10]
  \frametitle{Initialization}
  \begin{block}{std::initializer\_list}
    \begin{cppcode}
      struct C {
        C(int i, int j);

>         C(std::initializer_list<int>);

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        C(std::initializer_list<int> l);
```
Feel free to discard this.

      };

      C c(1, 2);    // calls C(1, 2)
      C c{1, 2};    // calls C(std::initializer_list<int>{1, 2})
      C c = (1, 2); // calls C(2), comma operator
      C c = {1, 2}; // calls C(std::initializer_list<int>{1, 2})
    \end{cppcode}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item A constructor with a \mintinline{cpp}{std::initializer_list} parameter takes precedence over other overloads.
    \end{itemize}
  \end{block}

>   \begin{alertblock}{Posterchild bug}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  \begin{alertblock}{Beware of this bug}
```
?

Author: OK, I will call it `Beware`.

      \item Details on \href{https://en.cppreference.com/w/cpp/language/aggregate_initialization}{cppreference}
    \end{itemize}
  \end{block}
\end{frame}

\begin{frame}[fragile]
  \frametitlecpp[11]{Initialization}
  \begin{exampleblock}{Best practices}
    \begin{itemize}
      \item In generic code, for a generic type \mintinline{cpp}{T}:
      \begin{itemize}
        \item \mintinline{cpp}{T t;} performs the minimally necessary initialization
        \item \mintinline{cpp}{T t{};} performs full and deterministic initialization
      \end{itemize}
      \item Prefer \mintinline{cpp}{T t{};} over \mintinline{cpp}{T t; memset(&t, 0, sizeof(t));}
      \item Prefer braces over parentheses to avoid accidental narrowing conversions
      \begin{itemize}
        \item Unless \mintinline{cpp}{T} has a \mintinline{cpp}{std::initializer_list} constructor that you do not want to call!
        \item Be wary of \mintinline{cpp}{std::vector}!
      \end{itemize}
      \item The STL value initializes when creating new user objects
      \begin{itemize}
        \item E.g. \mintinline{cpp}{vec.resize(vec.size() + 10);}
      \end{itemize}

>       \item Aggregates are very flexible. If your class does not need special initialization, try to make it one

Reviewer 2: Last comment, but consider it optional:
```suggestion
      \item Aggregates are very flexible. If your class does not need special initialization, make it an aggregate
```

>       \item Aggregates are very flexible. If your class does not need special initialization, try to make it one.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      \item Aggregates are very flexible. If your class does not need special initialization, try to make it one
```
